1. Jasmine Wang (Team Lead & Coordinator)
As indicated in the Gantt Chart, this member will take the lead during the Design process and arrange meetings with both the stakeholder, Dr.Vincent and Dr.Smith. Responsibilities include coordinating weekly meetings, monitoring project progress, ensuring milestone completion, and managing communication between group members and stake holders. She is also be responsible for completing section 1.2 Design inputs and 1.3 Design Process since her background research is tailored towards those fields (researched on golden standard and similar applications).

2. Ruidi Liu (Administrator & Manager)
According to the Gantt Chart, this member will be doing background research in the early weeks on ethics and impacts. Their responsibilities as a manager and accordinator includes submitting assignments, creating meeting minutes and note taking for all meetings, research on standards and codes associated with the project. She is also responsible for completing section 1.1 background and 1.4 preliminary risks while the seting up github while managing DHF. As requested by Dr. Smith, she will be responsible for creating issues and forward them to Dr. smith when needed.

Chapter 1 is a general researching and brainstorming phase, specific expertise on the project is currently not required hence work is divided evenly among the two members. For the actual design stage, Jasmine will be responsible for the backend and ML training; Ruidi will be responsible for frontend development and security measures. Both members will work on the implemntaion and software testing. For details, please refer to the Project Approval Forms Justification of Documents. As for design elements, we are currently considering safety and compliance as one of the main component. Other design elememts we have considered include: user-centered, modularity/scalability, functionality and adapability. 

The gantt chart and the discussion document will be updated once Chapter 2 details are released. 